You fixed her!
You fix things!
MCRN Fleet Command
recommends that a joint strike force
set out for the Ring
immediately.
I will not commit my forces
to that plan.
My brother
is a dockworker on Ceres.
I just hope he's okay.
It was my call to make,
and I don't owe you
a fucking explanation.
If we're not trying
to win this fight,
I don't know
what I'm doing out here.
I'm so sorry.
What are you sorry for?
And this message
is for the traitor,
coward, Marco Inaros.
At least it wasn't the Inners
who raided our supplies.
Whose side are you on?
Drummer is our enemy.
This is war.
Where are you?
Are you there?
Hello?
Please, you have to help him.
He's my brother. He got hurt.
He died.
But I know you can fix him
like you fixed Momma Bird.
Please, where are you?
I need your help, please.
Please help me.
Where are you?
Cara, where are you?
Cara?
Baby!
Are you out there?
Cara?
Baby, we're right here.
Baby!
Cara?
Baby girl?
Are you out there?
Cara?
Cara!
Cara, where are you?
Baby, we're right here.
Baby girl?
Cara?
- Cara?
Cara, we're here.
Are you out there?
Baby!
Cara!
Cara, are you out there?
Xan?
Cara, is that you?
I feel weird.
What happened?
Well, you got hurt,
really hurt, like, uh,
killed hurt.
Oh.
I remember
I was scared.
I heard talking,
but I couldn't see anyone.
What does it mean
to be in substrate?
Everything looks...different.
Never saw that before.
The dogs fixed you.
Ring Comm Relay
in position and active.
Telemetry looks good.
Comms, give me a wide-band.
Wide-band up.
Medina Station,
this is the MCRN.
Your Free Navy sentries
at the Ring
have been eliminated.
Our weapons are now locked
on Medina Station.
And unless you surrender
immediately
and unconditionally,
we will open fire.
Acknowledge.
Torpedoes. Ready all tubes.
Plasma warheads only.
Repeat, plasma only.
No nukes.
Yes, ma'am.
Admiral, we're picking up
multiple plasma discharges
from the surface
of the Ring Station.
From the surface?
What is it?
Not sure yet, ma'am.
Still working on it.
Collision alert!
Multiple incoming!
All ships, emergency eva...
Obviously
we didn't have anything
on board
that would do the trick.
But we were able to salvage
some appropriate hull stock
from the Granicus,
which is en route to us now.
The new frameworks
should be in place
by the time it arrives.
Would you like me to assign
Filip to the detail?
Do as you wish.
It's of no concern to me.
They're calling it my war.
Iapetus is just one station
and an insignificant one
at that.
One is all it takes
to sow doubt.
That is what Drummer
has done.
If enough Belters
support the Inners, then we...
Yes, we could lose,
which is why the only thing
we need to care about now
is getting to Medina.
With 1,300 systems
and hundreds of colonies
under your thumb,
as much metal
as we can mine,
as many shipyards
as we can build,
anyone who wants access to that
will have to ask you.
Drummer raided
a defenseless supply depot.
If she wants to act
like that makes her a hero,
who cares?
Yes.
You're surprised.
What?
Did you think
it wasn't going to work?
This calls for a celebration.
All ships, emergency evasive...
The railgun
is a Martian design,
but it's made out of a metal
we've never seen before.
Marco traded Protomolecule
for Martian gunships
and weapons.
Maybe this was part
of the deal.
I thought the Ring Station
was impenetrable.
How the fuck did they attach
giant railguns to it?
They mounted the guns
on titanium bands
laid right along the surface.
The assembly
holds itself together.
And since the station has
effectively infinite inertia,
it's a perfect emplacement.
Our strike team
took fire from five guns,
but there are probably six.
From these positions,
Inaros can rain hell
on any point
inside the Ring Space.
Jesus.
If Inaros
gets behind the guns,
the farms on Medina
will be able
to provision his forces
indefinitely.
We could send in
a swarm of fast nukes
and blow Medina up.
The last time we detonated
a nuke near the Ring Station,
it powered up
and nearly wiped out
the entire solar system.
We have to stop them
before they get
through the Ring.
Based on the position
of the Pella
when it engaged Rocinante,
there is still time
to intercept them,
but the window's
closing fast.
We have to mobilize now.
Abandon Ceres.
And consign
every soul upon it
to starvation and death?
Free Navy has been
rounding up our nationals
all over the Belt.
We don't owe Ceres
a goddamn thing.
We need to load up every
warship we've got right now,
max-burn to the Ring,
engage, and keep firing
until we run out of bullets.
MCRN Fleet concurs.
We don't have enough ships,
and we're spread too thin.
We can get the job done.
Do you truly believe
the odds are in our favor?
No, ma'am, but...
If we have to send
more people to their death,
the least we can do
is give them a fucking chance
to win.
You'll have
my decision soon.
What?
You seem a bit tired.
Stop mothering me.
Yes, ma'am.
The Martians have been urging
a full-scale assault
on Medina Station
from the moment
we arrived at Ceres
and found it stripped.
They wanted to send a joint
strike force to the Ring.
I refused to go along
with them.
If you had, do you think
it would have changed
the result?
I want to know what you think.
It's not my place
to say.
Have I gone soft?
Was I trying too hard
to be good
when I should have been
ruthless?
You used your best judgment.
And lost.
There is no prize
for the best victim.
Your torpedo picked
a rotten time to misfire.
I'm not blaming you.
It was just bad luck.
The fight's not over yet.
I don't need platitudes.
We're fucked,
and it's my fault.
Fine.
Maybe you have gone
a bit soft,
which might not be so bad
in small doses,
but now is not the time
for self-pity bullshit.
It's time to keep your eyes
on the enemy
and wait for the next time
they slip up,
because I still think
we're the good guys,
and I'd rather do
a little less soul-searching
and a lot more fighting back.
Go do something else.
The UNN engineer said
that they've been ordered
to reinforce our hull
with carbon silicate
lace plating.
What's that?
Some kind of badass new armor.
They said it's the same stuff
they've got on UNN-One.
If it makes us harder
to poke holes into,
I'm all for it.
It reminded me of my father.
The lace plating
is new metallurgy.
It came out
of Protomolecule research.
The things my father did,
he tried to justify them
by saying the Protomolecule
was the key
to ensuring
the survival of our species.
Stuff like this
makes him seem right.
What the hell is Amos
still doing out there?
Oh, he's not out there.
He went into the station.
Why?
He didn't say.
Do you know
when he'll be back?
He didn't say.
Watch your step.
Based on the data,
it seems clear to me
that a significant number
of these ship disappearances
were indeed similar to whatever
happened to the Barkeith.
The Ring transit data that
my group was able to study,
and there was a lot,
suggests that there is
a mass-energy threshold
which precedes or perhaps
triggers these events,
which obviously would have
dire consequences
for the future use
of the Rings.
I've embedded our analysis
for you to see.
You were right.
Anytime anyone
goes through a Ring,
they don't realize
they're taking a massive risk.
You said that every time
you transit,
you can feel those entities
getting angrier.
Do you think
they're trying to get out?
Uh, I don't know. Maybe.
The artifact on Ilus
proves they can
directly affect our world.
Avasarala needs to see this.
This is bigger than the war.
Something funny?
No...something good.
The supplies
are solely food and fuel
to help relieve the station.
We are giving it to you.
That doesn't
make any difference.
A UNN crew will board
each of your ships
and pilot them in
and conduct a...
Your soldiers on my ships?
And conduct
a thorough security screening.
Any Free Navy partisans
or Belters
with outstanding warrants
will be immediately detained.
So it is the Inners' policy
to starve the Belt, again.
If you do not submit
to these procedures,
we will not let you...
Captain Drummer.
Secretary-General.
We are grateful
for your assistance.
Your ships are clear to dock
and will be treated
as sovereign territory.
Your crews are also welcome
on the station,
as long as there are
no disruptions.
We will be staying
only long enough
to unload the supplies.
There will be no disruptions.
It's nice to finally meet.
Fred Johnson
spoke well of you.
He spoke well of you too.
We didn't agree on everything.
Then your gesture
says even more about you
and of the true OPA.
Inaros is an enemy to us both.
A century of oppression
made Marco Inaros inevitable.
If not him,
there would have been another.
Interesting perspective.
I'd like to hear more.
Perhaps in person?
I would be happy to offer
the hospitality of my ship.
The Belters here are hungry,
and I have food.
I came for them, not you.
The Dusters were
taken completely by surprise,
and under the withering fire
of our new railguns,
every last one of their ships
was annihilated.
To celebrate our victory,
the captain has ordered
that all of the rare
Earther brandy
we liberated from Ceres Station
be made available to the crew
at the end of our next shift.
Marco! Marco! Marco!
Marco! Marco!
Oye, mi Pascal.
We double-time
this shift, keyá?
Faster we finish,
faster we get to drink.
Where's Tadeo?
Oh, in the brig.
Mi replace him.
Come on, let's go.
What are you doing here?
What did you do?
I couldn't stop thinking
about my brother.
There was no mention of him
on the newsfeed,
which was good, but still.
So I rigged a transmitter
and I sent him a message.
You broke radio silence.
Just one quick burst.
You could've given away
our position.
You're lucky
that they didn't space you.
I...I wasn't
thinking about me.
I was going crazy.
I just...
needed to know
that Mas was okay.
He was always there for me.
Do this.
That hurt?
On a scale of one to ten.
Four.
This is less useful if you lie.
Eight.
And this?
I had to regrow my spine.
He is having more pain
than I did.
Looks like
the gel was too weak.
Bad batch, maybe, or some
problems with his genetics.
Maybe your Inner friends
could give us some of the gel.
I will not beg favors
from them.
There's no harm in asking.
It wouldn't make
a difference at this point.
That limb will never be good.
It must be removed
as soon as possible.
We will get you
the best prosthetic made.
He will need something
to control the pain until then.
Better not to.
The bad re-grow
will compensate,
make more nerve fiber,
make the pain even worse.
How long before
I pull my own weight again?
The arm will come off quick.
But the bad tissue
must then be rooted out,
all invasive nerve fiber
be killed,
and then must fit
and integrate the prosthetics.
But even in normal times,
it will take weeks.
These are not normal times.
Goddamn Inyalowda
ration everything now,
including surgery.
But for Camina Drummer
and family...
...here's my clinic in Midtown,
outside Green Zone.
Come, and it will be done.
Camina.
I can't believe
how long it's been
since we've actually
spoken to each other.
And...now we can
do it in person.
I'm here with the Roci
on Ceres.
I'm sure you're caught up
in the relief efforts.
It's...amazing what you did.
Oh, there's so much
I want to say.
Just let me know
when you have a little time,
and I'll come to you.
See you soon.
We got some information
from a Belter on Ganymede.
Not a spy.
Regular man, the botanist.
He risked his life and family
to send us
experimental biotech,
simply because he believed
it could help restore
Earth's ability
to grow food.
And?
Initial reports suggest
he might be right.
Well, one good apple,
sometimes that's all it takes.
Madam, he's here.
Just a moment.
People are responding well
to the "Lucky Earther" piece.
Owain's also getting
death threats.
It's just a stimulant.
This is no time to worry
about the swim back.
Send him in.
Monica.
Holden.
I heard you had
some interesting times
out there, as usual.
We should set up an interview.
Never, ever, ever again.
Thank you for seeing me
so quickly.
I know you've got
a lot going on.
You rarely waste my time.
One of the few.
What's on your mind?
Travel through the Rings
is not as safe as we thought.
When traffic exceeds a certain
mass-energy threshold,
a ship will disappear
in transit.
Abruptly vanish
without a trace.
It's connected to the artifact
we discovered on Ilus,
and it's happened
a number of times.
I think I need
to up my dosage.
What?
Never mind.
What can we do about this?
I think we need
to share it with Inaros.
Oh, James,
you're truly one of a kind.
Just hear me out.
If we can convince Marco
that the danger is real,
he might...
What, lay down his arms
and say, "You're right.
Let's solve this together.
We're one big happy family
after all"?
You have to be the most naive
person I've ever met.
Every time anyone uses a Ring,
it puts all of us at risk,
including the colonies
and the trade routes.
And that problem
is not just gonna go away.
Let me show you
the problem we have right now.
Those look like railguns.
Yes, they are.
Very big ones.
They destroyed
six Martian warships
in a matter of seconds.
We cannot afford the luxury
of worrying about the future
until we end this war.
Camina Drummer,
how well do you know her?
What do you want
with Drummer?
I need an ally,
a Belter with ships and guns
who's respected
by her own kind,
to fight at our side
against Inaros.
No wonder you saw me
so quickly.
We need Drummer's strength.
It's really that bad?
We've lost more ships
than we could afford.
Not long ago, Drummer
was a fugitive with one ship.
She came to Ceres with eight,
studded with missiles and guns.
Belters trust her.
Some will flock to her.
And some will abandon
the Free Navy.
That could make
all the difference.
Drummer has no love for Marco,
but she's no friend
of Earth either,
and she's not gonna trust you.
On Earth, I once
put a Belter up on hooks...
...to suffocate him,
to make him tell me things
he wouldn't have otherwise.
I did it because I could.
The Belt sees me that way
because that is who I was.
It is not who I am now.
On my tab.
Someone's got
a bad case of shore leave.
Give me some of that.
You've got lipstick
and scratches on your neck.
Yup.
And is that glitter?
So just drinking and fucking.
Till they run out
of one or the other.
You?
Trying to forget
how much I hate politics.
The old lady's trying to win
the game with a crap hand.
You think we're gonna lose?
We can't lose,
not really.
But I don't think
we can win either.
Our grandchildren will still
be killing each other
over this shit
a hundred years from now.
Might be time
you got back to your ship.
I'm not sure
I'm going back.
You serious?
I don't know what the fuck
I'm doing out here anymore.
We're fighting a war.
Are we?
'Cause war is when you try
to kill the other guy
when you get the chance.
We caught a bad break
with Inaros.
It happens.
It happened because
Holden disarmed the nuke.
He saw Naomi's kid
on the Pella.
I don't know, usually I get
what he's trying to do,
but this?
Sometimes it feels like
he's trying to get us killed.
Then a couple times,
he saved the whole human race,
so I guess it balances out.
Not a man
who does things by degrees.
War is the wrong place
for good men.
Good or bad, it's the same
place for everyone.
Firing line. Drop ship.
Sitting in a crash couch,
wondering if you'll live
long enough to unstrap.
Then what difference
does it make
if you're good or bad, then?
Well, when you're
in the shit, not much.
But I mean,
I fought for my planet.
I fought for money.
Was a time I would have said
I fought for honor.
In the end, the only thing
that matters
is fighting
for who's covering your flank.
Doesn't matter if they're
saints or assholes.
They're your people.
They watch your back
and you watch theirs,
or you've got nothing.
Yeah.
That's right.
So back to the ship?
Yeah.
Brothel first, though.
You want to come with?
With you?
Or with you?
Whatever.
So...
...that was the easy part.
Doctors are expert liars.
I'm sorry.
You have nothing
to be sorry about.
The fight is not over.
And I can't help you.
I will stay here
with him.
We can take shifts.
No.
Camina...
I'm going
to stay here with Josep
on Ceres.
It's okay for you to go.
The Inners
control this station.
I will live
under the Inners' yoke,
and I will help Josep
find a way to also.
Because I know
you will never be able
to give up the fight
with Marco now.
And we can't help you
in that fight anymore.
It's okay.
You can go.
I never loved you
because you were fighters.
I loved you
because you were builders.
I wanted us
to build something together.
Thank you, Bosmang.
Yam seng.
So what's the verdict?
They have size.
We have numbers.
No matter what they do now,
they can't engage us
everywhere at once.
We can dictate
how the forces will be spread.
The stage is set.
That sounds good.
It is good.
Was your father big
in your life?
I never knew him.
So you improved upon the role.
Not as much as I hoped.
Here, there's something
I want you to see.
Camina Drummer
did this to you.
Live shamed and die empty.
At least it wasn't the Inners
who raided our supplies.
Whose side are you on?
I only meant...
Drummer is our enemy.
Same as the Inners
and anyone else
who stands against us.
This is war.
And it won't be over until
we are dead or victorious.
Or else everything
that we fought for,
the blood that we spilled,
the beratnas we lost,
all will have been for nothing.
There is no turning back now.
It was nice to see
that kind of fire in him.
I wonder
where he gets it from.
You should be celebrating
with everyone else,
not wasting your time
with me.
I still have privileged access
to the ship systems.
I piggybacked a comm test
to ping the Ceres network.
See if I could find anything
about your brother.
Mas was on the docks
when the water tanks exploded.
He's dead.
- It's my fault.
- No, it's the Inners' fault.
No.
They occupied the station.
Their soldiers...
No, I killed him.
I was on the crew
that planted the bombs
and rigged the docks to blow.
They said no Belters
would get hurt.
I thought we were
just killing Inners.
Admission to the Green Zone
requires a valid permit,
and all Belters must submit
to ID verification
and security scan.
If you resist,
you will be arrested.
Fo ademeshang
fo da Sonya Geríng
imim mowteng xudzho valit,
unte kowl belta mowteng...
Next!
...gif sif fo verifikashang
ide unte sekáng sekuri.
Hands out, legs apart.
Sili to mebi avita,
imim gonya leta go
to fongi fode.
You there.
Are you talking to me?
Yeah, you're Drummer.
And what of it?
You can go right on through.
You're precleared.
There's no need.
I will wait my turn.
Don't waste your time
on this.
You have more important
things to do.
Drummer, how does it feel
to be the Inners'
favorite pet?
Back in line.
Camina.
Nagata.
I'm sorry to just drop in
on you like this.
I-I know you've had
your hands full
with the relief efforts.
It has kept me
quite occupied.
My apologies.
No need.
It's good to see you.
You as well.
Please.
You have a fine ship.
I've kept it the same
as Ashford left it
as much as I could,
Considering what it's been through.
It suits you.
I'm eager to meet your family,
if you have the time.
They're gone.
Gone.
You mean...
Oksana and Bertold
left after I turned on Marco
to save the Rocinante.
Serge was executed in reprisal.
Josep and Michio have decided
to remain on Ceres
so they don't have
to keep paying
for the choices
I made for them.
You blame me
for all that?
I did what I did.
The fault is mine.
We have all lost
a great deal.
Some more than others.
So your pain
is greater than mine?
I was not saying that.
You know it's the last thing
I ever would have wanted.
I didn't tell you about it
because what good
would it have done?
I'm sorry...
...from the bottom
of my heart.
Don't. Please don't.
You didn't come here
to apologize.
Then why did you come?
I wanted to see you.
You know me well enough
to know that silence
meant I didn't want to be seen.
So why are you here?
Holden asked me to talk to you
on Avasarala's behalf.
She wants you and yours
to fight at her side
against Marco.
You should leave.
Camina, please.
Clear this deck!
You come to me,
running errands for the Inners.
It's not like that,
and you know it.
- How do you do it?
- Do what?
Work with them.
Live with them.
Pick their side
against your own over and over.
I picked my own side.
I despise Marco
and everything he's done.
Avasarala and her Inners
are no better.
That was true once,
but it's different now.
So what is it for me?
I can choose to wait
for the bounty
to go high enough
that someone kills me,
or I can put a collar
on my neck
and hand the Inners the leash.
This universe
has no place for me.
I wish there were
another way.
I tried to find one,
but there isn't.
Then we have
to make one.
Tell me how.
Tell me, and we will help.
I don't know how.
Then all we can do now
is to stand
by the people that we love.
What else is there?
Fuck you...
...you self-righteous shit.
Fuck you.
Fuck you. Fuck you.
Advance team confirms.
All units in place.
The route is secure.
Copy that, Advance.
Archangel is in the dock.
And here I am.
I didn't really believe
that you would leave your ship.
Would you have come to me?
Hmm.
Your security detail
doesn't seem too happy
about it.
They don't appreciate
the value of a symbol
as much as I do.
Then this is just symbolism?
I hope not.
I hope it's a way forward
for us both.
The system is filled
with the graves of Belters
who trusted Inners.
And my planet is now covered
with the bodies of people
who paid the price for that.
Why are you here?
Speak plainly.
Marco will get
many more Belters killed
before this ends.
- You know that.
- So you're here to save us?
I'm here because you can
help me win this war.
The sooner it's done,
the fewer the dead
of both our people.
When the last shot is fired,
when Marco is dead,
will you remember us?
Will you remember the Belters
who bled for your victory?
All I can do
is promise that I will.
I have given your people
many reasons to hate me
but none to think
I'm a liar.
Belters fighting
alongside Inners
against Belters.
I never thought
I would live to see that.
Neither did I.
My people will not
take orders from you.
I don't expect them to.